Hmm, so what if we are determined?
There is a disaster
You don't think you can afford any romance
You disaster, you can't be rampant
Lord Rose
The thing I hate the most in my life is
This betrayal villain
Please allow subordinates
Sweep away the evil for the Blood Rain Gate
Clean up the portal
Ask for a Guo Rongkang
Since you want to die as a hoe bird
Then I will fulfill you
Humph
Don't be too tall
With your strength
My hand Ye Jiaolong will deal with you
Lord Rose
Forgive me for sweeping away evil and evil
Let Ye Jiaolong shoot first
If you don't mention
I am here to help Lord Rose
No.
Shooter, I'm the same as Lei Qianjue's
I'm going to kill it myself
As a man of blood
If I hadn't shared my worries with the Lord
What's the use of waiting?
Please master the clouds
Okay, today one is to kill two is also to kill
I want to die, it's all over